{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Grantmyre incorrectly diagnosed and incorrectly treated me in 1992.  The medication was expensive and extremely painful.  I was told that it would be.  As my health improved - it got more painful, not less.  I was told I would be on it for the rest of my life and that I would need more and different kinds as my death got closer.  That I would need physio, therapy and counciling.\
\
I couldn\'92t afford any of that.  I could barely afford 1 of my medications.  I didn\'92t take the others.\
\
Grantmyre saw me once a year.  In 1993 I was used for show and tell with Dalhousie medical students.\
\
I drove to Halifax twice a year - once for Grantmyre - once to see other doctors - because as my biology courses grew in complexity - I started to understand that major mistakes had been made.\
\
In January 1994 - only weeks after Dennis wasn\'92t told I called to ask for help - I went to Karen\'92s in Bedford - to confirm what Wilhelmina said.\
\
Karen confirmed that John Paul did live with Rosanne.  That he would need Dennis\'92 help to go to college, that Dennis was already helping Suzanne.\
\
Wilhelmina had already called Karen to threaten her - get control of Jeffrey.  If he says anything - no one helps John Paul, no one helps Suzanne - no one helps you (Karen).\
\
Karen explained she had the opportunity to go to college - but she was 40k in debt from raising her kids (that\'92s BS for another day).\
\
Karen explained she couldn\'92t get a student loan with the debt - so she tried to consolidate the debt - and the banks required a co-signer.\
\
Karen asked Erlin.  Erlin simply paid the 40k off from his savings.  Karen explained that Wilhelmina had required that Karen sign away her entire inheritance for that 40k.\
\
So we are clear - in 1994 - Karen claimed she signed a legal document, forfeiting her inheritance - for a one time payout of 40k.\
\
Karen cried and begged and sobbed - claiming she had been abused worse than I was for her entire life.  She sobbed that university was her only escape from Rosanne and Wilhelmina.  She begged that I not do anything to ruin it.  If I did anything Wilhelmina would torture Dennis to force him to not help Suzanne, John Paul and Karen - the way I was exiled.  The way Dennis wasn\'92t allowed to help me (in 1993).\
\
Karen cried and begged and sobbed - she needed my help to get away from Rosanne and Wilhelmina.  She sobbed that if I wanted to see the abuse myself - just come to Halifax on the Friday that Wilhelmina came to buy Karen\'92s groceries.\
\
This is the extra-ordinary lengths that Wilhelmina will go to, to humiliate and abuse her children.\
\
For our childhood - Wilhelmina set foot in our house Christmas morning - and no other day - it was only 2 minutes away - she hated her grandchildren, regularly wished they\'92d never been born, and was too embarrassed to go in public with Karen (because of her weight) and her grandchildren (because of their father).  Her only exceptions were the 2 times Karen beat her 4 children, under 10, so savagely some were bleeding from their rectums and should have gone to the hospital.\
\
Wilhelmina went to Bridgewater twice a month (once a week in the summers) for the 10 years Karen was the minister in Petite Riviere - it\'92s only a 5 minute detour - Wilhelmina never visited because Karen\'92s weight and disabilities were too embarrassing.\
\
Wilhelmina went to Liverpool 2-3 times a week for the 5-10 years Karen lived in Liverpool.  Wilhelmina went to the grocery store 2 minutes from Karen\'92s home.  She went to her own bank, 30 seconds from Karen\'92s home.  She never visited out of embarrassment for Karen\'92s weight, disabilities and rampant fentanyl addiction.\
\
But in 1994 - Wilhelmina made Erlin drive the 4 hrs round trip to go to Bedford, pick up Karen, and walk her through the grocery store, telling Karen what food she could and could not have because she was too fat (Wilhelmina\'92s words).  Wilhelmina made the trip every month.  She made Karen walk behind her like a child that wet the bed.  She made Karen wait in line at the cashier - while Wilhelmina took the time, while writing out a cheque for the groceries, to tell the cashier what a failure and embarrassment Karen was - that Wilhelmina, over 70, had to make the trip because Karen\'92s children were all just as big failures as Karen herself.\
\
In 1994 - I made my 2 trips to Halifax for my medical issues.  I made the one in January where Karen told everything above.  I made 2 more - to see Erlin - I wasn\'92t allowed to come to Beach Meadows.  I made those 2 trips so I could see for myself - Wilhelmina being this cruel and abusive.  She did.  She was.\
\
I asked Wilhelmina myself - if she made Karen sign away her inheritance to go to college - Wilhelmina\'92s answer was yes - you (Jeff) and John Paul are failures like your mother - someone had to help her.  But help isn\'92t free.\
\
\
}