{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22080\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From April 22nd 2017 to April 22nd 2019 I was held against my will in Beach Meadows Nova Scotia, in the home of a raping, murdering pedophile from my childhood, by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I left, told anyone or refused to care for him.\
\
From 2017 - 2019 I was forced into the homes and chores of the other 2 raping, murdering pedophiles from my childhood.  I was forced by a single threat - Larry Williams would be killed the way he almost died in 2016 if I didn't go.\
\
The same 3 women that beat me into brain damage before I was 10.  The same 3 women that starved, mutilated and beat me into one of the worst fatal sexual assaults / mutilations in modern Canadian times (more severe than David Reimer).  The same 3 women that threatened to give my younger brother and sister to the same child rapists I was given to if I went to teachers, doctors, lawyers, the courts or the RCMP from 1980 to 1994.\
\
The same 3 women that did much, much more.\
\
My Grandfather was Erlin Conrad.  His wife was Wilhelmina (sp?).  His children are my mother Karen, my aunt Rosanne and my Uncle Dennis (Bub).\
\
Larry Williams is Rosanne's husband.  He has Huntington's.\
\
Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.\
\
When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.\
\
All of this is made all the worse by family / medical history of mental breakdowns resulting in loss of employment in the 40s and 50s of all three women - Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina.\
\
Wilhelmina was born in the 1920s.\
\
Karen was born in 1946.\
\
Dennis was born in 1953.\
\
Rosanne was born in 1960.\
\
Wilhelmina was an old school narcissistic psychopath with rigid and archaic views of gender roles.  She tortured her children - based on their gender.  Karen and Rosanne\'92s own psychopathy and their intense belief that they suffered more than the other 2 siblings (as well as Wilhelmina) was only deepened by Dennis being male.  He wasn\'92t tortured the way they were.  They were all taught to hate each other and fight - so that they never joined together against Wilhelmina.  They never talked about what was done to them.\
\
Karen finished high school when Rosanne was only 4.  Karen moved to Ontario, worked in a biotech firm on the synergism of tetracyclines and antibiotics.  She dated, married and had her first child before Rosanne was 10.\
\
Rosanne never saw Karen tortured as a child - she wasn\'92t alive for most of it and too young for the little she was around for.\
\
Karen never saw Rosanne tortured as a child - she moved away before Rosanne was old enough for the true psychological torture to begin (at around 10-12 in this family - when you were old enough to work).\
\
Sometime during this time frame - before my siblings and I were born - Wilhelmina had a severe mental breakdown and was unable to work ever again.  Caring for her fell to Rosanne and Rosanne alone because Karen was gone and Dennis was a boy.\
\
Karen had a severe mental breakdown in the 1980s - she was in her 30s - brought on by the torture Rosanne and Wilhelmina carried out.\
\
Karen had a severe mental breakdown in her late 50s or early 60s - she lost the ability to work when she was a United Church Minister in Petite Riviere.  She conned her way into long term disability which is where her prescription drug addictions escalated exponentially - to fentanyl.  Karen eked out the minimum pension, remaining on long term disability until she retired.\
\
Rosanne had the first mental breakdown that I documented in 2013/14 - when she was in her early 50s - like her mother - like her sister.  She was a temporary or interim Vice Principal in Mill Village and responsible for overseeing the closing of that school.  She was forced out of her VP position, forced to return to being a classroom teacher, with several staff filing complaints about her mental health, stability and use of threats.\
\
In 2014 my older sister and her daughter visited me in Vietnam.  My sister didn\'92t understand the information she was relaying - nor it\'92s implications.  But I recognized 3 for 3 right away.  On the pre-text of interviewing Rosanne for my own teacher licensing program, I interviewed her - the way I\'92ve interviewed every predator that didn\'92t know who I was or what I was doing.\
\
And so we are clear - my brain damage makes me unafraid of speaking to my rapist from half a planet away - my concern that my sisters will share some portion of these 3 monsters fates was all the motivation I needed.\
\
Rosanne claimed she voluntarily left the VP position because she didn\'92t want to serve under a Principal she had had previous, negative, experiences with.  It only took a little prodding to get her to admit several staff had filed complaints about her mental health, stability and use of threats.\
\
In 2015 - Rosanne was only a disembodied voice living 45 minutes away while I cared for her father (my grandfather) - Wilhelmina, daily, shrieked at Rosanne that she was a failure and an embarrassment like Karen and like Karen, she (Rosanne) had let them (school board ?) take her job away from her.\
\
From 2017 - 2019 - part of Rosanne\'92s nightly ritual, 280+ times in 540 days of captivity, Rosanne had to scream at me, brag about half a century of rape, murder, mutilation and child abuse before uttering her own threats.  I prodded Rosanne on many occasions by bringing up the reports of her mental health from 2014 - she screamed each time they (the staff - probably from Mill Village) had tried to get rid of her all year and she still had her fucking job.\
\
From 2017-2019 - Rosanne sex trafficked, kidnapped, physically and sexually assaulted, physically and sexually mutilated, physically and sexually tortured, starved, beat and murdered her dying nephew - me - while having, at times daily, mental breakdowns during which she could only whimper and writhe in her father\'92s chair.  These breakdowns were brought on by the second by second tortures that Karen and Wilhelmina were carrying out.\
\
From 2017-2019 - Rosanne neglected her employment so often she was again forced out of her job.  She claims the early retirement was \'93for her health - because the stress of looking after Wilhelmina, Karen and Larry for years - without help - had taken its toll.\'94\
}