{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
My younger siblings have asked me my entire life why I re-connected with my father in 1991 - when he clearly didn\'92t want to or couldn\'92t reconnect with his children as adults.\
\
I told my siblings the same thing every time - his (our father\'92s) and Karen\'92s bullshit - was their bullshit.  I wanted to know who my father was.\
\
In 1991 my father\'92s parents gave me the money to visit him in Ontario.\
\
I made a simple deal with him that we stuck to for as long as we continued to meet - I never ask about his marriages - he never asks about my childhood.\
\
I got to know him as a friend - who he was as a person - outside of his marriages.  He got to know a small piece of my life.\
\
When the terminal medical issues, when the short, ugly, violence of my life became more and more pronounced and diagnosed; I never told my father.\
\
His second wife didn\'92t trust me.  She felt I was angling for something or spying for Karen.  I didn\'92t matter how many times I told her I don\'92t want to get involved in their marriage, my father\'92s previous marriage - estates, inheritances - nothing.\
\
I never told them it was because they\'92d out live me.\
\
My step-mother never believed me.\
\
She started \'91being away\'92 for my yearly visits to my father.  I drove back and forth across the country every year.  I never told them it was so I could visit as many different doctors as I could.\
\
After I finished university (1997) - my step-mother started taking her vacations when I was coming to visit.\
\
My last trip to Toronto (2010), I was in Ottawa staying with my father\'92s brother while I did work visa paperwork at the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa.  I called and called, leaving messages for 2 weeks trying to tell my father I was coming to Toronto for paperwork.  His brother called, he answered, and gave no explanation why he wouldn\'92t return my calls.\
\
I flew to Toronto to visit and stay with college friends - I never saw my father again.\
\
I\'92ve visited and spoken to his brother a few times, including the summer my sister and I went to his summer home in New Brunswick and re-surfaced his deck as a birthday present.\
\
He doesn\'92t know why my father stopped speaking to me.  I\'92ve never contacted my father again.\
}