{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19960\viewh12940\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In mid January 2019 - Rosanne was up to 5 murders against me and 1 against Larry.\
\
My 5 were successful.  I was dying faster and faster, having lost 1/3 of my body weight, developed seizures etc.\
\
Larry\'92s murder was unsuccessful because I was sneaking to the food bank to get him food every day.\
\
Dennis had stood up to Rosanne in December when he discovered Karen was wasting food - leaving leftovers to rot in her fridge.\
\
In mid January 2019 - Tammy got sick - a cold or flu.  She wasn\'92t over for supper several days in a row.\
\
Wilhelmina and Karen continued to torture Rosanne every day.\
\
And one day - for no earthly reason - Larry asked Dennis for a plate of leftovers.  He never had before.\
\
Dennis and Rosanne screamed at each other.  Dennis standing up for Larry and the waste of Karen\'92s rotted food - Rosanne screaming that Larry didn\'92t need it.\
\
They settled on a compromise.  Dennis made a plate for Larry - on the condition Jeffrey didn\'92t get any.  That was Rosanne\'92s condition.\
\
I thanked Dennis - and told him I\'92d eat Larry\'92s lunch so Larry could have the leftovers.\
\
The next day Larry had hot leftovers for lunch for the first time since September.  I washed the dishes.  Larry\'92s OCD requires I do dishes at the end of every meal.  He stands and watches me because it frustrates him that he isn\'92t allowed (danger of cutting himself or breaking things).  Larry insisted I take the tupperware back to Dennis and thank him for the lunch.\
\
It was a miserable, rainy day, in January.  I didn\'92t have proper clothes - and wasn\'92t expecting manual labor - I was wearing shorts and shoes.\
\
I drove in the driveway and saw Tammy, sick, shoveling ice from her driveway.\
\
It was the beginning of the week - Rosanne\'92s car was there - she was in the kitchen screaming at Wilhelmina.  I didn\'92t think anything of it - Rosanne had been neglecting her job for months.\
\
I snuck into the den, gave Dennis the tupperware, gave him the thank you and asked to borrow boots and a shovel to help Tammy.\
\
I went over, Tammy was upset, Dennis hadn\'92t come help because Wilhelmina wouldn\'92t let him.  Tammy asked if I realized how much trouble I was in ?\
\
We both looked at Wilhelmina\'92s bay window - she and Rosanne were staring at us, screaming at each other so violently they were fogging and clearing the window with every breath.\
\
I finished shoveling with Tammy - returned the boots and shovel - thanked Dennis and went to town for Larry.\
\
Rosanne and Wilhelmina argued, fought and screamed about how embarrassing it was to have me in public - how much they needed a break from me.\
\
By mid week - they had both announced they were going to Bridgewater on Friday - together - and would be gone all day - they would not be home for supper so not to make anything special.\
\
Dennis, when the women were gone, offered to cook my favorite meal - anything I wanted - as a thank you for helping Tammy.  I asked for Tammy\'92s favorite meal (that we shared) - which happens to be fried rabbit.\
\
Everything was set - Friday morning - after Rosanne and Wilhelmina left - I went to Dennis\'92.  Larry didn\'92t want to come - Rosanne had left the dog with him.  Larry wanted to spend the day with the dog.\
\
Dennis and I worked in the shop all morning.  He cooked me moose for lunch - it\'92s the only piece of moose - from my moose - that I got.  Rosanne stole the rest - screaming that Larry would be killed if I asked for it.\
\
Dennis sent leftovers for Larry - I took him to town after his hot lunch.  After lunch Larry asked to stay with the dog and watch TV.\
\
Dennis and I worked a bit then went in to start supper.\
\
It was the most normal day we had had in over a year.  Dennis did drink a little more than usual - but he was having a good day with his nephew.\
\
We cooked for the afternoon - like we had the summer we looked after Erlin.\
\
Tammy came over just as supper was getting ready.\
\
I went to get Larry.\
\
}