{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24700\viewh15020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.\
\
When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.\
\
If you\'92ve read 1980.a. and 1980.b. - then you are up to speed on Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen torturing each other, and Karen\'92s children, to force Erlin to act - to help one and punish the other 2.\
\
If you\'92ve read 2015.Erlin.Death.Bed.Confession - then you know I have written down Erlin\'92s death bed confession.\
\
Erlin did the best he could, placating each - trying to give each one a little of what they wanted - it only made them angrier.  They weren\'92t getting what they wanted and worse - the other 2 were getting some of what they wanted.\
\
Erlin\'92s death bed confession is that he gave Suzanne and John Paul to Rosanne - to care for - with the hopes it would teach Rosanne some humility and compassion.  Erlin gave Suzanne and John Paul to Rosanne - so she had an excuse to not look after Wilhelmina 100% of the time - while also giving Rosanne a reason to cut back on the drinking and partying that was upsetting Wilhelmina so much.\
\
Karen was given food and money to help care for Danielle and Jeffrey - Karen\'92s load was lightened - and she was made to help care for Wilhelmina.\
\
Wilhelmina was given both of her daughters to help look after her.\
\
Erlin\'92s death bed confession was that he did everything with the best of intentions - and it blew up in a month.\
\
Rosanne and Wilhelmina spread rumors all through the community that Karen had had a mental breakdown - Rosanne whispering \'93like Wilhelmina\'94.  Karen was tortured every day - every person that came up to her and told her how good she looked, how happy the community was that she was doing better \'85 how lucky she was to have a mother and a sister like she did - how lucky she was that they were helping her out.\
\
Karen had mental breakdowns daily - and no-one was there but me.  Suzanne and John Paul were at Rosanne\'92s, Danielle was old enough to be left at home - I was dragged everywhere so Karen could show everyone she was looking after her children.\
\
Karen had mental breakdowns and left me in grocery stores and other stores - I\'92d find her chain smoking and sobbing in the parking lot every time.\
\
(Rosanne went through the same thing in the winter of 2018)\
\
Karen told the only person she could - me - about how Wilhelmina and Rosanne were hurting her, hurting us (siblings) - just because they could.  How no one knew - no one would believe her.\
\
Whether Karen and Rosanne knew it or not - the teachers at District 7 were paying attention.  I was sent to a \'91special teacher\'92 every week or 2 - they only asked about my home life and where my siblings lived and how they were.  How my sister and I were.\
\
I told them - what Karen told me - and I thought nothing of it.  I had told the truth - what Karen had said.\
\
I came home from school - a month after Suzanne and John Paul had been taken - back when I was normal and cried and begged for the beatings to stop like my siblings did.\
\
I came home from school - and was beat unconscious without a word of warning or explanation.  An acrylic cooking spoon, hammering down over the head of a 7 or 8 year old child - by a 300 lb adult.\
\
I woke up in a fog - I could hear screaming - could see shapes - but didn\'92t recognize the people or the language (I only spoke English at the time) - I had trouble standing.  I learned, a week later, that I had been taken to Wilhelmina\'92s house.\
\
I woke up in a fog - and was struck unconscious a second time.  I learned, a week later, that Wilhelmina had been screaming and waiting for me to come round enough to hit me again.  A week later - Wilhelmina screaming she had only \'93slapped some sense into him\'94.\
\
I woke up in a fog - on the floor.  I learned, a week later, that Erlin had come in and found me unconscious on the floor while Wilhelmina and Karen screamed at each other over top of me.\
\
That fog didn\'92t lift for a week.  I learned, a week later, that I was brought to Wilhelmina\'92s house every day after school - and beaten, by Karen, on Wilhelmina\'92s orders, Wilhelmina insisted on seeing it done.  I was beaten until a passed out or nearly passed out and was then thrown outside.\
\
Wilhelmina hated her grandchildren in her house.\
\
It wasn\'92t until the fog lifted a week later - that I learned that Karen told Wilhelmina and Rosanne - that I had reported them to the teachers for child abuse.  And that for a week - every time I cried out \'93That\'92s not what I said.\'94 I was beaten until I loss the ability to speak.\
\
It wasn\'92t until the fog lifted a week later - that the brain damage I suffered - in just one week - undiagnosed for another decade - was the reason I was never normal again.\
\
After the brain damage - I couldn\'92t verbally defend or explain myself - the harder I was beaten - and threatened - didn\'92t matter - it only fueled Karen and Wilhelmina\'92s anger.  I could only say one thing - I could only describe what they were doing to me.  I couldn\'92t speak in the 1st person - not under duress - not during beatings.\
\
They were screaming at me to tell their lies to the teachers at District 7.  I could only scream \'93You\'92re beating a child to prove you don\'92t beat children.\'94  \'93You\'92re telling lies to prove you don\'92t tell lies.\'94\
\
I couldn\'92t speak in the first person - I couldn\'92t articulate the connection of the 2 actions - that Karen and Wilhelmina were beating me to make me lie to my teachers.\
\
For another month - Karen and Wilhelmina - Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina \'85 the 3 of them screaming - Karen beating me until I passed out (or nearly so) - only to be thrown outside.\
\
That brain damage was set by those 3 women in a single week, in the early 1980s - when I was 7 or 8.\
\
In 2017 - Rosanne went figuratively insane - doing the same thing - raping, murdering, torturing, mutilating - all while screaming the lies I had to tell to make it stop.  When I died faster and faster, losing 1/3 of my body weight, having seizures etc - Rosanne continued, beating me every day (Larry 4x, Dennis 4x) screaming the lies I had to tell (Larry doesn\'92t eat lunch) and what I had to do (starve Larry) to make it stop.\
\
And all I could do was stand there and tell Rosanne what she was doing - in a flat, quiet voice - only angering her more.\
\
\'93You\'92re raping a dying man Rosanne - you\'92re going to jail.\'94\
\
\'93You\'92re mutilating a dying man to make him starve your husband - you\'92re going to prison for that.\'94\
\
etc.\
\
Rosanne\'92s mental breakdowns in the winter of 2018 had her collapse in Erlin\'92s chair in the kitchen, once a week or more often - whimpering and writhing - whispering to Wilhelmina \'93You don\'92t know what he\'92s saying - You don\'92t know what he\'92s doing.\'94\
\
Rosanne couldn\'92t fathom the simplest explanation - she beat me into the brain damage that was driving her (figuratively) insane.\
\
}