{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21300\viewh15980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Wilhelmina, Rosanne and Karen are all psychopaths.  They all believe so intently that they (individually) have suffered so much more than anyone else in history - that they (individually) are justified in any level of violence to get what they want.\
\
When 2 or all 3 go head to head - it's a spiraling meat grinder of extreme violence.  Every cycle only convinces the other 1 or 2, they must hit back harder.  Which they do via their own pathological rituals of abuse - by torturing other, more vulnerable, family members, while screaming at yet another family member what they must do to stop the torture and abuse.\
\
Wilhelmina was born in the 1920s \'85 Danielle has the family tree info.\
\
Karen was born in 1946, Dennis in 53 and Rosanne in 1960.\
\
Wilhelmina is an old school narcissistic psychopath - she has archaic and rigid ideas of gender roles - thus Karen and Rosanne were tortured in similar fashions because they are women and should do women\'92s work - according to Wilhelmina.  While Dennis was tortured because he was man and should do men\'92s work.\
\
Danielle has seen and unknowingly railed against this.  She often wonders, out loud, why she has to do the dishes when she comes to Wilhelmina\'92s house and not only does Jeffrey not - he isn\'92t allowed when he offers - boys vs girls - in Wilhelmina\'92s head.\
\
A result of this - Karen and Rosanne\'92s abuse and torture was driven home all the harder - their individual belief they suffered more than anyone else - because they both watched Dennis be treated very differently.  And even more so - 14 yrs between Karen and Rosanne means they never saw each other as children.  Karen had finished high school and moved to Ontario before Rosanne stopped wetting herself.  Karen grew up, alone, as the only other girl in the house - just as Rosanne grew up alone, as the only other girl in the house.\
\
Wilhelmina capitalized on this - convincing each child that the other one was the favorite.  Sowing the kind of descension is not only child abuse - it is how Wilhelmina kept her children from banding together to protect themselves.\
\
To quote Suzanne when she learned I was in Rosanne\'92s house : What the fuck are you doing - they hate each other.\
\
In 1980, when Karen divorced and returned to Beach Meadows with 4 children under 10, that meat grinder started up again.  Only this time - there were 4 children to torture - to force Erlin to do what 3 psychopaths wanted \'85 except they each wanted, in part, for Erlin to punish the other 2.\
\
}