{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
In the fall of 1993 I learned that Karen lied in court and abused my younger siblings.\
\
I had already been through years of child rape, years of fatal sexual mutilations, a victim of gang rape and I had started hunting physical and sexual predators for my employers.\
\
My life was going to be short, ugly and violent.  I was getting a handle on my brain damage and how to live with it.\
\
The realization that I\'92m not afraid of some things - that terrify most people - was already shaping my future employment.\
\
When I learned my siblings had been abused, by bringing them to court, lying to them and letting them listen to Karen\'92s lies in court, I decided to confront Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne.\
\
I drove to Beach Meadows, I stood in Wilhelmina\'92s kitchen, where I had been beaten into the very brain damage that allows me to stand there, fearless, and asked what lies had been told in court.\
\
I specifically asked Karen - \'93You were in my medical appointment with Grantmyre last year - you certainly didn\'92t tell the courts about that.  What lies did you tell ?\'94\
\
Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne instantly began screaming at me.  Dennis left - he went out in the shop.  Erlin sat at the table and listened - until he started to think I was going to bring up the child rapists.  Then he moved to Wilhelmina and tried to calm her down as she was winding up the fastest - a decade she had tried to break her grandson - and now he stood in front of her - calling her a liar.\
\
The screeching and screaming and shrieking - each woman trying to yell over the other.  Each woman growing ever more frenzied because my brain damage was on full display - matching their insanity - with calm, bordering on boredom - ignoring every insult and threat as if it hadn\'92t just been shrieked at me - as I called them by name, not family title, as I spoke quietly forcing them to listen to my words, as I used no profanity to highlight their own.\
\
In one of those awkward pauses - where everyone stops to draw breath at the same time - Wilhelmina\'92s last sentence rang out :\
\
Wilhelmina : \'93You\'92re the same G.D. piece of shit your father is.  He stood in court and called Karen a liar and a thief.  He accused her of stealing you kids\'92 college funds.  Do you think Karen is a liar and thief ?  Did she steal your college funds ?\'94\
\
Jeff : \'93Of course she is.  Of course she did.  I still remember you (Wilhelmina) starving and torturing your own daughter, screaming at her to steal her children\'92s money.\'94\
Jeff : \'93I still remember what you threatened to do to Suzanne and John Paul if I told the tellers anything.  Do you remember what you said ?  Would you like me to say that out loud ?\'94\
\
Wilhelmina on her feet, screaming at me long before this point.  Erlin was already holding her back as she clawed and took swings to slap me.\
\
When the topic of child rape was raised, Erlin looked at me stunned, Wilhelmina broke free and snatched a cooking implement off the counter - left from supper dishes.  She took a swing at me with that.  Erlin hustled her into the sun porch.\
\
Karen and Rosanne glared death daggers at me.\
\
A couple minutes later Wilhelmina came out hissing and screaming :\
\
You\'92re to get out of this house.\
Never come back.  Never come to Beach Meadows.\
Never call for help.  Never ask family for anything - you aren\'92t family any more.\
\
Suzanne might be gone - but John Paul still lives with Karen.  Everything that happened to you can happen to him.\
\
I interrupted - looking straight at Karen : \'93You were in my appointment with Grantmyre - you know, in detail, what was done to me - what she (Wilhelmina) just threatened to do to John Paul.  You\'92re going to allow that ? You\'92re going to allow someone to threaten your only son with what was done to me ?\'94\
\
Karen only said one thing : \'93You got what you deserved.\'94\
\
Wilhelmina picked up her threats :\
\
If you go to anyone (I had said I could go to the RCMP, the courts and the lawyers - to correct the testimony on my medical issues, health and well being), what happened to you will happen to John Paul.\
\
Never come her again.  Never call.  Never ask.\
You are not a member of this family.\
\
}