{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
If you\'92ve kept up with the 1994 series on Karen\'92s loans, lying and stealing - it\'92s time for one last mention - why it\'92s relevant to my murder.\
\
In 2017 I was sex trafficked, kidnapped, held, tortured, mutilated and murdered by Rosanne and Karen.\
\
I was forced into Karen\'92s house 60 times - by the threats that Larry would be killed if I didn\'92t go.\
\
Karen stomped her feet and beat on her counter screeching and screaming that I was getting what I deserved - that Karen didn\'92t care if I died - didn\'92t care if I killed myself - didn\'92t care if Rosanne killed me.\
\
During these marathon kitchen rituals of Karen - Karen was the POS liar she has always been :\
\
Screaming at me \'93I (Karen) don\'92t have any money - I can\'92t help you - you have to call the RCMP.  Rosanne is finally getting what she deserves - you have to call the RCMP.\'94\
\
Jeff : \'93I didn\'92t ask you for money - but on the topic - you are a liar - you torture Rosanne, to beat and threaten to kill Larry, to make me run your errands.  You\'92re banking is one of the errands you make me run.  I know you have 18k in savings.  I know you make 30k-35k a year.  I know John Paul paid off the car.  You\'92re the same liar you\'92ve always been.  The same liar Wilhelmina is.  The same liar Rosanne is.\'94\
\
Jeff : \'93I never asked you for money.  You owe me - 52k - you borrowed it promising in the end - when I die - you\'92d do anything I asked \'85 well I\'92m asking \'85 tell Rosanne to let me go.  Tell her that - and we are square - you can forget the 52k.\'94\
\
Karen (screaming) : \'93No, you can\'92t ask that, it (52k) isn\'92t worth that (telling Rosanne to let me go).  If you want to leave - do what you\'92re told - call the RCMP.\'94\
\
Jeff : \'93Call the RCMP yourself - you\'92re the United Church Minister.  But you won\'92t - you\'92re the same monster your mother is.  You want to win - you want to break me so you can brag about it to Rosanne and Wilhelmina.  You\'92re raping and murdering your own son because you\'92re too selfish to pick up the phone.\'94\
\
Karen (screaming) : \'93You\'92re getting what you deserve.  I\'92ve earned this.  I have the right to do this.  You don\'92t know what she\'92s done.  You won\'92t know what she\'92s capable of.\'94\
\
Jeff : \'93You\'92re both raping and murdering the same child.  You\'92re both screaming at him what he has to do to make you stop.  You are what she is capable of : rapists and murderers.\'94\
\
}