{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19380\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Dennis and Tammy might remember August 24th 2018 - we never spoke about August 21st 2018 again.  Dennis was drinking so much, trying to survive, I don\'92t know how much he remembers.\
\
Everyone at supper on the 24th will remember Rosanne storming into the house, half way through supper, screaming at Dennis the dog was too fat and it was his fault.  Rosanne screaming that Bella\'92s Nextguard cost too much because Dennis is stress feeding the dog.\
\
Rosanne screaming at me - I\'92ve (Rosanne) gained weight too.  I have no pants and Dusty is coming next week.  I have nothing to wear.  It\'92s all Jeffrey\'92s fault.  He\'92s been told to stop baking.  He knows I can\'92t stay out of it.  He knows and he does it on purpose to ruin Dusty\'92s visit.  Well I\'92ll stop him.  I\'92ve taken all the baking supplies to the cottage.  He doesn\'92t need them.  Dusty and Sarah will.\
\
Rosanne stormed out.\
\
The question every wants to know - what the fuck was that.\
\
Beyond the stupidity of me being responsible for Rosanne\'92s weight gain - there\'92s the little detail that Rosanne moved to the cottage in March 2018 and never came back.  She never stored her food in Beach Meadows again - not during my captivity.  School ended in June - which is the last time she took Larry\'92s snacks for her own lunch.  She didn\'92t live in the house.  She didn\'92t provide the food.  But she sure as fuck stopped and helped herself to my baking.  But that never happened after June - because there was no more school and I was getting all Larry\'92s food from the food bank starting in July.  They didn\'92t provide the ingredients for the things Rosanne use to steal.\
\
Wilhelmina told Rosanne I was talking to Dennis in the shop on Tuesday.  Rosanne showed up on Thursday - screaming at me about killing Larry if I asked Dennis for help, or food, or money, or the house.  Like she had for over a year.\
\
I told her that I didn\'92t.  That I learned she was sneaking into Beach Meadows to beat Dennis to get him to lie to me - and he wouldn\'92t.\
\
I told her about the seizures - that she had raped and mutilated her dying nephew into a 4th terminal medical condition.\
\
I told her that what she had done was faster, more sadistic and crueler than what her mother had done to me as a child.\
\
I told her she was even worse than her mother - that she was stealing Larry\'92s pensions the way Wilhelmina stole my siblings and I\'92s college funds in the early 1980s.\
\
Rosanne went nuclear, screaming and spitting and trying to get across the table, over the fridge door, over the chair, in her kitchen.  I had been using barricades between Rosanne and I since she tried to pull a knife in July 2018.\
\
On Thursday August 24th 2018, Rosanne screamed at me for the first and not remotely the last time - that if I was going to shit myself like Larry - I was going to be treated like Larry.  Rosanne screaming at me she doesn\'92t care if I die, if I kill myself, if she kills me.  She doesn\'92t care if the seizures put me in a chair like Cathy.  After December, Rosanne screaming at me she doesn\'92t care if the seizures put me in a bed like Izzy.\
\
On the 24th, Rosanne showed up halfway through supper - so she could go to her house and steal all the food without me being there.  She loaded everything into a box with my name on it.  She stole 3 weeks of food bank food for Larry, loaded it and everything else connected to cooking for Larry, into the box the food bank gave me.  She took it to the cottage.\
\
When I finished supper, drove Larry to town and got home at 7 pm - as I did every single night for 18 months - 540 days.  I found not a crumb of food left in the house.  Rosanne stole everything.\
\
I went to the food bank the next day - talked my way into emergency food for the weekend for Larry.  I made an appointment for Tuesday the 27th.  I explained what Rosanne did and why.  They gave me another allotment - a week of food I had to stretch to 3 weeks - and told me they couldn\'92t do it again without a formal record of the theft.  They told me to hide all the food - anywhere I could - to hide it from Rosanne.\
\
I did.  Rosanne spent the next 8 months tearing her kitchen apart every chance she got - looking for the ingredients I baked with every day.\
\
Erlin had taught me to preserve, store and hide food as a child.  Handy lessons.}