{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.\
\
Rosanne threatened John Paul, his wife and children - for weeks before their visit and months after it in 2017.  She threatened them, she threatened to kill Larry - if I told John Paul about me and everything that was being done to me, if I told John Paul that Dennis and Larry were being beaten.  If I asked John Paul for help - or money - my brother and his family would be tortured the way Rosanne tortured John Paul in 1993/94 when he lived with her.\
\
Rosanne : You know what I did to John Paul.  You know what happened the year he lived with me.  That can happen again.  That can happen in front of Katherine and the kids.\
\
In 2017 I only spoke to John Paul once.  He, Alex and I went for a walk on the beach in front of the old house (our childhood home).\
\
John Paul and Katherine had talked it over and decided they didn\'92t want to part of \'93my drama\'94 as they put it.\
\
Not the best way to speak to a rape victim - but they didn\'92t know that part at the time.\
\
I originally told everyone  (March / April 2017 emails) that it is best if everyone stay away from me.  Don\'92t get involved in my life.  Don\'92t try to explain anything I\'92ve said or done.  My professional life - hunting predators - it destroys everything it touches.\
\
John Paul said he discussed it with Katherine - that they would take me at my word - they wanted nothing to do with me.\
\
I\'92ve never spoken to them since.\
\
In October 2017, John Paul, Katherine, Alex and Claire were all renting a house in Hunts Point.  They had everyone over - including Rosanne and Larry.\
\
John Paul waited until it was just him, Rosanne and I in the room to ask :\
\
John Paul : Jeffrey - how\'92s living with Rosanne ?\
\
Jeffrey : You (John Paul) lived with her for a year - it\'92s about the same I imagine.\
\
I have asked since 1994 what Rosanne did to John Paul - all his visits to college, the decade I lived out west, any time I came to visit from overseas.  I even asked in November 2016 - a year earlier.  John Paul\'92s answer has always been the same - he\'92s answered every question I\'92ve ever asked - except that one.  His only response \'93I\'92m never talking about that.  You wouldn\'92t believe me if I did.\'94\
\
That was the answer I was not so subtly telling John Paul - I can\'92t tell you what\'92s happening at Rosanne\'92s - you wouldn\'92t believe me if I did.\
\
Rosanne (sputtering) : We all made mistakes back then.\
\
The glare John Paul shot Rosanne told me he didn\'92t feel that way.}