{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh16080\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.\
\
Rosanne beat Dennis and Larry as often as 4 times a day.  From May to June 2018 - she was screaming she needed Jeffrey to stay until Suzanne came to visit.\
\
From July to September - she was beating Larry - Dustin\'92s father - a man with advanced Huntington\'92s - screaming she needed Jeffrey to stay until Dustin came to visit in September.  Then Jeffrey could leave - Dennis and Larry would get it worse when Jeffrey was gone - but she only needed Jeffrey until Dustin showed up.\
\
Rosanne never repaid the food and gas money for May and June - Rosanne never even pretended she was going to after July - screaming at me every day that I owed her - that I had to pay for Larry\'92s food and gas for the rest of the summer because I owed her.\
\
Rosanne screamed day and night - ritual after ritual - she needed me to stay until Dustin got here.\
\
Rosanne\'92s night ritual - in her own kitchen, stomping her feet, beating on her table - screaming that she\'92d destroy Dustin and Sarah if I said anything to Dustin.  Screaming she\'92d drive Sarah away - making Dustin as alone and hated as I was - making Dustin hate me for Sarah leaving.\
\
Rosanne screaming nightly - she\'92d kill Larry if I said anything, did anything, asked for food or money or help.  She\'92d kill Larry the way he almost died in 2016 - she\'92d kill him that way and frame me for it - because everyone knew she lived at the cottage and had for a year.\
\
Rosanne screaming nightly - that Dustin would hate me forever - for killing his father.\
\
After August 24th - when Rosanne found out about my seizures \'85 she\'92d scream completely contradictory things in the same breath - emotional battery.\
\
She\'92d scream she didn\'92t care if I died, didn\'92t care if I killed myself, didn\'92t care if she killed me.  She\'92d scream if I was going to seize and shit myself like Larry - I\'92d be treated like Larry.  She\'92d scream if I was going to seize and stroke out - I could spend the rest of my life in a chair like Cathy.\
\
In the same breath - she\'92d scream I had to stay until the moose trip in October.  I had to pay for Larry\'92s food and gas for all of Sept and Oct 2018 - and she\'92d repay me when I left in October.\
\
Then she was back to threatening to destroy Dustin and Sarah if I said anything to them - if I asked them for help.\
\
Back and forth - rape and murder - death threats and extortion.\
\
In Sept 2018, I only spoke to Dustin once.  We were at the cottage - I was carrying out Erlin\'92s dying wish - but Dustin didn\'92t know that.  He thanked me for what I was doing for his father.  I was asking him about how he was punished as a child.\
\
Rosanne interrupted, bragging : I\'92ve ruled my husband and raised my boys with threats alone.  No one is stupid enough to cross me.\
\
Dustin rolled his eyes and nodded it was true.\
\
I told Rosanne - that\'92s not what we were talking about.\
\
Rosanne stormed off.\
\
In Sept 2018, I only spoke to Sarah once.  We were at the first planked salmon supper at Wilhelmina\'92s.  Sarah had been home - living at the cottage with Dustin and Rosanne - while I lived with Larry in Beach Meadows.\
\
Sarah had listened to everything everyone had to say - and after a week or 10 days - asked me simply :\
\
Sarah : Why doesn\'92t your family know what you do every day ?\
Sarah : Why don\'92t they appreciate what they see you do every day ?\
\
I gave Sarah the non-answer this family (and most politicians) are famous for - a form of lying called paltering - where my actual statements are factually true but intended to deceive.  In this case - to protect Sarah and Dustin.\
\
I told Sarah everyone was on their version of their best behavior to impress her.  Everyone wanted Dustin and her to have a smooth and uneventful visit.  I told Sarah that Dustin didn\'92t need to worry about his father.  I kept him well fed.  5 meals a day stopped his choking.  2 trips to town a day kept him in the community and talking to people.\
\
I didn\'92t mention rape, murder, torture, starvation, beatings or anything like that.\
\
I neglected to mention Rosanne was stealing Larry\'92s pension to renovate the cottage while Larry ate food bank donations and had since July - or that Rosanne had stolen all the food at the end of August and that\'92s what Sarah was eating at the cottage.\
\
}