{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.\
\
I wrote my siblings for a month (March and April 2017) - asking for our childhood home, asking for money for medication.  I wrote for a month - telling everyone (in the emails - including Rosanne - I wrote her directly) - don\'92t talk to Karen or Rosanne.  Don\'92t explain anything.  Don\'92t tell them anything.  Go straight to Dennis.  Only talk to him.  If the house isn\'92t available or the money isn\'92t available - just tell me.  I\'92ll contact Uncle Paul.  Over and over for a month.  We all believed Dennis gave me the house.  We all believed Dennis sent me the money.\
\
He did not.  He was never told.  He was never asked about the house.  He was never asked about the money.\
\
Rosanne lied about it all to lure me to Nova Scotia.\
\
Everyone that visited during my captivity - has some important fact to testify about.  You might not know what it is because you don\'92t know what happened to make that piece of information so important - Danielle has the most because she was the closest.\
\
I did my best to keep Danielle out of everything.  She\'92s a bit like her daughter and she knows it.  We\'92ve talked about it.  She still has many little pieces - and like everyone else - you\'92re going to have pieces that I don\'92t know about.  I don\'92t know what you saw - what Rosanne, Karen, Wilhelmina or anyone else has told you.\
\
Danielle was only directly threatened once - in December of 2018.\
\
Rosanne was forced into Wilhelmina\'92s house - to keep leftovers away from Larry and I.\
Rosanne was forced to do all her own errands for the first time in over a year, forced to do all of Wilhelmina\'92s, forced to do all of Karen\'92s - to keep me from going to town, to keep me from being given money or access to food.\
\
Rosanne was being tortured every second of every day - she was carrying out 5 murders against me, 1 against Larry.  She was starving, raping, mutilating, torturing me and juggling 6 murders.\
\
Rosanne was having mental breakdowns more than once a week.\
\
The keystone in her suffering - in December 2018 - was Karen\'92s fentanyl withdraw.\
\
Karen was winding Wilhelmina up every day - sobbing and crying on the phone - she (Karen) didn\'92t know why Jeffrey won\'92t visit - Danielle won\'92t visit.  She doesn\'92t have any food - anything to eat.  Can Wilhelmina - please ask Rosanne - to send Jeffrey out (to Karen\'92s) on Larry\'92s night drive with food and groceries and left overs.\
\
Karen, Rosanne and Wilhelmina all knew I was being starved - this was just Karen winding up Wilhelmina and Rosanne - because I wouldn\'92t do what Karen wanted - I wouldn\'92t report Rosanne to the RCMP.\
\
Wilhelmina took it and ran - driving proverbial white hot daggers into Rosanne at every opportunity.  Rosanne was (figuratively) bat shit insane.  And once a week or more often - she\'92d collapse in Erlin\'92s chair and whimper and writhe.\
\
When Dennis went to Karen\'92s the second and third time (in Dec 2018) - realizing Karen\'92s both a liar and a thief - that the leftovers she calls and begs for - are rotting in her fridge while Karen spends $1000 a month on cigarettes, jello, yogurt and puddings.  When Dennis asked me over and over \'93Are you all right ?\'94 - my symptoms, seizures and weight loss all clearly visible - Dennis heard me say time and again - I\'92m getting sick - I haven\'92t eaten today.  For Dennis, the rotting food in Karen\'92s fridge became a focal point.\
\
The same week that Danielle invited me to the new Starwars movie - was the same week Dennis stood up to Rosanne - yelling at her that Karen was leaving the food (leftovers) to rot in her fridge when Jeffrey and Larry hadn\'92t had any in months.  Rosanne grew even more violent - beating everyone more violently, more often, screaming another family expression I despise : \'93It\'92s Danielle\'92s turn.\'94\
\
Rosanne began screaming over and over - It\'92s Danielle\'92s turn to look after Karen.  Karen sobbing all the louder on the phone : \'93I don\'92t know why Danielle won\'92t come up.  I don\'92t know why she won\'92t help.\'94\
\
Rosanne came to her own house for her nightly ritual every night at 9 or 10 pm - long after Larry went to bed at 7 pm.  For that same week, Rosanne screamed at me to find out why Danielle won\'92t help.\
\
I told Rosanne the same thing over and over - I speak to Danielle almost every day to arrange that movie.  I know Danielle speaks on the phone or on messenger every day with Karen and has since Karen got out of the hospital in October.  I know Karen is telling Danielle that everything\'92s ok - she\'92s just withdrawing from her meds that her doctor took away from her - Danielle doesn\'92t need to worry - it\'92s nothing serious.  Rosanne is helping out.\
\
Rosanne screamed every time : Why the fuck is Karen telling everyone she\'92s dying of several mystery illnesses that no doctor can figure out.  Why the fuck is Karen begging for food if everything is alright.  Why the fuck is Wilhelmina screaming about Karen not being able to look after herself.\
\
I told Rosanne the same thing over and over.  They (Karen and Wilhelmina) are lying to you.  They are doing this to you.  All you have to do is come home, let me go and look after Larry.  All this will go away.\
\
Rosanne screamed at me every night : You\'92re going to see Danielle.  You find out what the fuck is going on.  Why won\'92t she come up here.  Why won\'92t she help Karen.\
\
I told Rosanne the same thing : I\'92ll get it in writing.  This is going to blow up in your face.  Karen and Wilhelmina are lying to you.  They are doing this to you.\
\
Rosanne screamed at me every night : You find out what the fuck is going on.  You make Danielle come up here.  You make Danielle take her turn looking after Karen.  If I have to go to Lunenburg - you know what I\'92ll do to Danielle.  You know what I did to Suzanne.  You know what I did to John Paul.  You know what I did and what I\'92m doing to you.  I can do it all to Danielle if you don\'92t make her fucking come and look after Karen.\
\
I told Rosanne the same thing : This is going to blow up in your face.\
\
I wrote Danielle - I gave her the PC version - and asked her, not from memory, but to, today, write Karen and ask how she is and if she needs Danielle to come up, to ask how long they\'92ve been talking - to make sure Karen doesn\'92t know that I or Rosanne are the ones asking.\
\
I went to the Starwars movie.  We went to the late show so I could put Larry to bed first.  Danielle paid for my gas, my movie and my food.  I waited until after the movie.  It was after midnight when we sat in her car in the theatre parking lot - and I gave her the less than PC version of the same request.\
\
I told Danielle over and over - Karen and Wilhelmina have Rosanne whipped into such a frenzy - you can\'92t come visit.  Don\'92t bring Madi.  Don\'92t come at all.  Get what I asked for in writing.  Don\'92t let anyone know what you are doing or for who.\
\
I never told Danielle about the beatings of Larry and Dennis - I never told her about me.  I kept it to just the meat grinder of 3 psychopaths tearing each other apart.\
\
Danielle did what I asked.  She sent me a written reply - Karen explaining that Karen and Danielle had been talking daily since Karen got out of the hospital in October.  That Karen is fine - just withdrawing from some meds.  That there is no need for Danielle to come up - Rosanne is taking care of everything.\
\
Rosanne never read the message.  She threw it on the floor - screaming that everyone was out to make her look crazy.  She ran from her house - as she had done for months - screaming at me to kill myself so her life could go back to normal.\
\
She never threatened Danielle again.  I don\'92t trust her though.  Not when she finds out how much Danielle has to testify to.\
\
}