{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
Rosanne threatened everyone except Cody.\
\
I wrote my siblings for a month (March and April 2017) - asking for our childhood home, asking for money for medication.  I wrote for a month - telling everyone (in the emails - including Rosanne - I wrote her directly) - don\'92t talk to Karen or Rosanne.  Don\'92t explain anything.  Don\'92t tell them anything.  Go straight to Dennis.  Only talk to him.  If the house isn\'92t available or the money isn\'92t available - just tell me.  I\'92ll contact Uncle Paul.  Over and over.  We all believed Dennis gave me the house.  We all believed Dennis sent me the money.\
\
He did not.  He was never told.  He was never asked about the house.  He was never asked about the money.\
\
Rosanne lied about it all.\
\
When word spread that I was living in Rosanne\'92s house - Suzanne called me directly to ask me exactly \'93What the fuck are you doing - they all hate each other.\'94\
\
My answer was simple and the truth \'93I didn\'92t get a choice.\'94\
\
From April 2017 to July 2018 - Rosanne screamed and beat Larry and Dennis as often as 5 times a day.  Rosanne screamed many things - they are all in her \'91Ritual\'92 files.  Among them - Rosanne would scream :\
\
Rosanne : I only need Jeffrey for a few more weeks.  Once he\'92s gone, you get it worse (Larry and Dennis).  I only need him until blah blah blah.  Then he\'92s leaving and you get it worse.\
\
In May and June of 2018 Rosanne lived at the cottage - she only came to Wilhelmina\'92s once or twice a day for the \'93Walk Ritual\'94 and once a week for supper and her \'93Supper Ritual\'94 - her pretext for beating Dennis and Larry 4 or 5 times a day - myself once a day.\
\
6 Weeks - 30 week days (she never came on weekends) - 3 (2 - 4) beatings a day x 2 people (Larry, Dennis and / or I) = 180 beatings - Rosanne screaming hundreds of times - I only need Jeffrey a few more weeks.  I only need him until Suzanne comes.  As soon as Suzanne goes home, Jeffrey is leaving and Dennis and Larry will get it worse.\
\
That was just at Wilhelmina\'92s - in front of other family - mainly Dennis.\
\
During this time frame - Rosanne was refusing to leave money at the house - she was refusing to come to the house for her \'93Kitchen Ritual\'94 - her inability to complete that ritual was making her (figuratively) crazier and more violent.  Rosanne was hissing at me in private, at Wilhelmina\'92s - I (Jeff) have to pay for Larry\'92s food and gas for May and June - she\'92ll pay me back when I leave, after Suzanne\'92s visit.\
\
Rosanne hissing at me multiple times on those same 30 week days :\
\
You know what I did to get Suzanne the first time (early 1980s).\
You know what I did to punish Suzanne when you told stories (I reported Wilhelmina and Rosanne to the teachers of District 7 for child abuse, the month after Suzanne and John Paul were taken - it\'92s why I was beaten into brain damage - it\'92s why I was given to child rapists.)\
\
You know what I did to get Suzanne the second time (1985+ - Suzanne was forced to raised Cody and Dusty).\
You know what I did to punish Suzanne then.\
\
It can all happen again.  If you say one fucking word to Suzanne - it can all happen to her again.\
\
\'97\
\
I (Jeff) have no idea what happened to Suzanne.\
\
I tried talking to her when I was a teenager.  I had stopped my child rapists by cutting a man to the bone in the backyard at Wilhelmina\'92s house.  I tried to tell Suzanne that.  I tried to give her the same knife.  I had kept it as a reminder that I can say no - and back it up.\
\
Karen, Wilhelmina and Rosanne all threatened to give my younger siblings to the same child rapists from 1980 - 1994.  Erlin and I have always feared the same was done to them.\
\
I know Suzanne was tortured into raising Cody and Dusty.  The only thing teenage Suzanne would say - was to scream at me everything was my fault - she was being tortured and it was my fault - she wished I would die so she could come home.  Erlin\'92s death bed confession explained the how and why of it to me in 2015.  I never told Suzanne because it\'92s simpler and worse than you think.\
\
The thing I know about Suzanne - that I don\'92t think she understands - Rosanne groomed her to be her surrogate daughter.  And I say groomed in the pedophile sense - because Rosanne helped give me to child rapists in the early 1980s - she carried out one of the worst fatal sexual assaults in Canadian history - against me - twice.  Those rapes occurred between 1985 to 1991 and 2017 to 2019.\
\
Rosanne groomed a dog trainer named Becky the same way from 2016 - 2019 if not longer.\
\
I don\'92t know how many other \'91daughters\'92 Rosanne has groomed.\
\
I don\'92t know what was done to my sister.\
}