{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19160\viewh12600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document is slightly different - no preamble - no reminders of who is who.  This document is for my siblings and cousins.\
\
In December of 1993 I was interviewed and hired by a BC company to plant trees the next summer.  15 other people from the NSAC were hired.  2 of us went back for a second year.  In 1996 and 1997 - I was the only NSAC student that planted trees in western Canada.\
\
I planted 1.25 million trees over a 10 year period.  My millionth street was celebrated in magazines, newspapers and on planting websites.  I wore a wedding dress to do it.  The photos are in the repo.\
\
My younger siblings have asked me, my entire life, why did you borrow money from our father to go tree-planting - why didn\'92t you borrow money from Dennis like everyone else.\
\
If you\'92ve read the files - you know Wilhelmina banished me - exiled me - ordered me out of the family - never to return in the fall of 1993.\
\
I left - and I ignored her.\
\
In December of 1993 I called Wilhelmina\'92s house - where Dennis lived.  I asked for Dennis - Wilhelmina said no.\
\
\'93You were told never to call.  You were told never to ask for help.\'94\
\'93Whatever you want - Dennis is not lending you money.\'94\
\'93He won\'92t even be told you called.\'94\
\
\'93John Paul lives with Rosanne now.  You know what she did to get Suzanne and John Paul the first time.\'94\
\'93You know what she did to punish them the first time.\'94\
\'93You know what she did to make Suzanne raise the boys (Rosanne\'92s 2 children).\'94\
\'93John Paul lives there now - what happened to you - can happen to him.\'94\
\'93You know how much Rosanne is, than your mother (Karen).\'94\
\
\'93Don\'92t ever call again.\'94\
\
She hung up.\
\
I called my father and asked for $500 for a plane ticket for work.  He gave it to me.}